---
title: w10-1-reflection
---
Assignment 1
1. I used the l editing method and the g editing method in the editing. Not only background music but also ambient music was used. And I hope to promote the progress of the video through the ups and downs of the music.

2. I hope to start by shooting the little things in daily life to show my mental journey to Melbourne. I use the footage of studying in the apartment every day as the main video and intersperse some video clips I shot after arriving in Melbourne.

3. The shaping of emotion by sound is gradual. The sound before and after the video needs to echo each other. The sound at the beginning and end of the video is light. The sound should be matched with the content of the video, and it should be tight and loose at times.

4. Rhythm is inherent in music. Editing is to adjust the rhythm of the sound to make the music fit the video better. In my project, I hope to modify my video and express my emotions by interweaving two different pieces of music and splitting the low and high parts of the same piece of music.

5. In the portrait, I describe my expectations for future study and life after arriving in Melbourne.

6. I used a few clips to quickly explain the process of my arrival in Melbourne, and then mainly described what happened after arriving in Melbourne and the culture of Melbourne. The main shooting location was my apartment, highlighting that "I" is the narrative subject in the project. Adding the sunset light shining on the high-rise buildings in the city center in the distance in the video expresses my yearning for future life in Melbourne.

Assignment 2
1. I chose "climate" as the theme because I think climate can be extended to many topics. Not only weather, but also humanities, technology, education, and environmental protection.

2. When I started sketching, I just designed sketches according to different themes without considering the relevance between each sketch. But in the final draft, I wanted these 9 icons to look like the same series, so I adjusted their appearance and colors. For example, I added the sun element to several icons in the project, and added square terrain with perspective to some charts.

3. I used the pen tool and shape tool in Illustrate. I picked some pictures as reference, such as a bird in flight, and I would use its outline to perfect my design.Some gradient effects were too prominent in the translation so they were discarded.

4. I found a lot of paintings and color combinations on the Internet. Then I chose a cyan-based color according to the climate theme, and used its contrasting rose red to increase the eye-catchingness of the icon. I used a similar color area ratio in each icon.

5. I referred to the audio design of the software that we often use in our daily life, and found that most of them are very short audios. Such a design has a sense of interaction and will not disturb the user's experience of using the software. Therefore, I added different corresponding ambient sounds according to different icons.

6. I consulted many designs and many netizens' opinions and understandings of related content, and selected the simplest and most popular patterns as the main patterns for design.

Assignment 3
1. The working prototype helped me determine the size of each model's position, created a rough environment, and avoided wasting time arranging the position of each model.

2. I think the 3D environment should consider the size and distance between models. 2D gives visitors the feeling of being a spectator. But 3D requires visitors to have an immersive experience. 

3. The virtual camera represents the perspective of the visitor. It is a freer way of viewing. The camera in Task 1 is the author's perspective, which is more subjective. The virtual camera tests the ability of the environment maker more, and every bit of the environment represents the author.

4. The sounds I used in the environment are more three-dimensional. In assignments 1 and 2, my sound design is in this secondary position. And in assignment 1, the ambient sound is below the intensity of the background music, while in assignment 3, the background music only appears as a sound to set off the environment, and the ambient music is the main body.

5. I hope to show the beauty of Chinese garden landscape in the environment, so I chose Chinese-style models and Chinese garden rocks. The models I built are also mainly simple, emphasizing the structure and weakening the influence of materials on the overall style.

6. During the game testing I found that the water limit was not open and improved it. I also added a lot of flower and grass details to enhance the realism of the environment.